 how many people are there in your family ?
how many people are there in your family ? there are 5 people in my family : my father , mother , brother , sister , and me .
there are 5 people in my family : my father , mother , brother , sister , and me . does your family live in a house or an apartment ?
does your family live in a house or an apartment ? we live in a house in the countryside .
we live in a house in the countryside . what does your father do ?
what does your father do ? my father is a doctor . he works at the local hospital .
my father is a doctor . he works at the local hospital . how old is your mother ?
how old is your mother ? she is 40 years old , 1 year younger than my father .
she is 40 years old , 1 year younger than my father . do you have any siblings ? what is his/her name ?
do you have any siblings ? what is his/her name ? yes , i do . i have 1 elder brother , david , and 1 younger sister , mary .
yes , i do . i have 1 elder brother , david , and 1 younger sister , mary . are you the oldest amongst your brothers and sisters ?
are you the oldest amongst your brothers and sisters ? no , i am not . i am the second child in my family .
no , i am not . i am the second child in my family . what do your mother/father like ?
what do your mother/father like ? my father likes playing football and my mother likes cooking .
my father likes playing football and my mother likes cooking . do your parents let you stay out late ?
do your parents let you stay out late ? of course not . they always ask me to get home before 10 pm each night .
of course not . they always ask me to get home before 10 pm each night . do you stay with your parents ?
do you stay with your parents ? right now , no , but i used to .
right now , no , but i used to . does your family usually have dinner together ?
does your family usually have dinner together ? yes , we do . my mom always prepares delicious meals for us .
yes , we do . my mom always prepares delicious meals for us . how often do you eat out ? who do you go with ?
how often do you eat out ? who do you go with ? i often eat out on weekends , when i hang out with my friends .
i often eat out on weekends , when i hang out with my friends . what restaurant do you usually visit ?
what restaurant do you usually visit ? well , there are not many restaurants in my neighborhood , so my best choice is the deli in convenient stores like the circle k , mini stop , b smart .
well , there are not many restaurants in my neighborhood , so my best choice is the deli in convenient stores like the circle k , mini stop , b smart . what type of food do you enjoy to eat ? western or asian ?
what type of food do you enjoy to eat ? western or asian ? i am interested in asian food , western food is not my thing .
i am interested in asian food , western food is not my thing . how much do you usually pay when you eat out ?
how much do you usually pay when you eat out ? it is not very expensive , just around $5 for each meal .
it is not very expensive , just around $5 for each meal . do you enjoy spicy food ?
do you enjoy spicy food ? yes , i do , especially on cold days .
yes , i do , especially on cold days . are the servers there friendly to you ?
are the servers there friendly to you ? yes , they are . most of them are really helpful .
yes , they are . most of them are really helpful . have you ever tried italian food ?
have you ever tried italian food ? yes , at least once , when i was in my friend is wedding party .
yes , at least once , when i was in my friend is wedding party . are you concerned about calories when eating out ?
are you concerned about calories when eating out ? yes , i am . i am on diet now , so this really matters to me .
yes , i am . i am on diet now , so this really matters to me . are fast food restaurants like kfc or mcdonald is famous in your country ?
are fast food restaurants like kfc or mcdonald is famous in your country ? yes , they are . the youth in my country are big fans of fast food .
yes , they are . the youth in my country are big fans of fast food . do you often drink alcohol when eating out ?
do you often drink alcohol when eating out ? no , not often . just when i have parties with my friends .
no , not often . just when i have parties with my friends . how often do you read books ?
how often do you read books ? i read books almost every night before i go to bed .
i read books almost every night before i go to bed . what is your favorite type of book ?
what is your favorite type of book ? i love reading about different cultures .
i love reading about different cultures . what can you learn from books ?
what can you learn from books ? books can broaden my horizon about thousands of things around the world , and books are also my best friends .
books can broaden my horizon about thousands of things around the world , and books are also my best friends . where do you read books ?
where do you read books ? i read books at home , sometimes in the library .
i read books at home , sometimes in the library . what is the most interesting book you have ever read ?
what is the most interesting book you have ever read ? i think that would be nepal , a book written about the country of nepal , published in 1999 .
i think that would be nepal , a book written about the country of nepal , published in 1999 . how long does it take you to finish a book ?
how long does it take you to finish a book ? well , it depends on the length of the book , but it usually takes me a week to finish a 300 page book .
well , it depends on the length of the book , but it usually takes me a week to finish a 300 page book . do you usually bring books with you when you travel ?
do you usually bring books with you when you travel ? yes , i do . when i am at the airport or bus station , i read books to kill time .
yes , i do . when i am at the airport or bus station , i read books to kill time . is there any bookstore or library in your area ?
is there any bookstore or library in your area ? unfortunately , there are none near my house . the nearest one is 3 kilometers away .
unfortunately , there are none near my house . the nearest one is 3 kilometers away . how many places have you traveled to ?
how many places have you traveled to ? i have visited all the provinces throughout my country .
i have visited all the provinces throughout my country . who do you usually go with ?
who do you usually go with ? i often go with my family , sometimes with my best friends .
i often go with my family , sometimes with my best friends . what is your favorite tourist attraction ?
what is your favorite tourist attraction ? that would be venice city in italy . i love riding the gondola along the canals while watching italian people live their daily lives .
that would be venice city in italy . i love riding the gondola along the canals while watching italian people live their daily lives . have you ever been abroad ?
have you ever been abroad ? yes , i have . i came to italy last year for a business trip .
yes , i have . i came to italy last year for a business trip . what language do you use when traveling ?
what language do you use when traveling ? english , but sometimes i have to use body language since not all people are good at english .
english , but sometimes i have to use body language since not all people are good at english . what do you usually do during your trip ?
what do you usually do during your trip ? i often go sightseeing , take pictures , mingle with the local people and sample the local cuisine .
i often go sightseeing , take pictures , mingle with the local people and sample the local cuisine . what do you do to prepare for your trip ?
what do you do to prepare for your trip ? before the trip , i search for information about the location , weather , famous tourist attractions , transportation , local cuisine and prices on the internet .
before the trip , i search for information about the location , weather , famous tourist attractions , transportation , local cuisine and prices on the internet . what do you usually bring when you travel ?
what do you usually bring when you travel ? i usually pack my suitcase with some necessary items such as clothes , medicine , food , a map , and a camera .
i usually pack my suitcase with some necessary items such as clothes , medicine , food , a map , and a camera . do you prefer traveling by car , train or plane ?
do you prefer traveling by car , train or plane ? i prefer planes although it can be a little expensive . planes are much faster than any other mode of transport .
i prefer planes although it can be a little expensive . planes are much faster than any other mode of transport . do you prefer traveling alone or joining a guided tour ?
do you prefer traveling alone or joining a guided tour ? i love backpacking with my friends who share the same interests as me .
i love backpacking with my friends who share the same interests as me . what type of websites do you often search for ?
what type of websites do you often search for ? it varies depending on my goal . i prefer entertainment and education websites such as facebook .com , wikipedia .org and voa special english .
it varies depending on my goal . i prefer entertainment and education websites such as facebook .com , wikipedia .org and voa special english . how long have you been using them ?
how long have you been using them ? i have been using these websites since i was a freshman at university .
i have been using these websites since i was a freshman at university . what do you visit those websites for ?
what do you visit those websites for ? i use them to study online or relax after working .
i use them to study online or relax after working . what is your favorite website ?
what is your favorite website ? i think it is probably youtube .com .
i think it is probably youtube .com . can you read websites in english ?
can you read websites in english ? yes , i can . most useful websites are written in english .
yes , i can . most useful websites are written in english . what is the most popular website in your country ?
what is the most popular website in your country ? i am not quite sure , but i guess it would be facebook .com .
i am not quite sure , but i guess it would be facebook .com . do you think the youth should use websites as a reliable source of knowledge ?
do you think the youth should use websites as a reliable source of knowledge ? not always , they should choose their sources carefully .
not always , they should choose their sources carefully . have you ever been in any traffic accident ?
have you ever been in any traffic accident ? yes , three years ago .
yes , three years ago . what happened ?
what happened ? i was hit by a car while crossing the road .
i was hit by a car while crossing the road . how did you feel then ?
how did you feel then ? i felt really terrible because of my injuries .
i felt really terrible because of my injuries . who was involved in the accident ?
who was involved in the accident ? the car driver , his family (inside the car) , and me .
the car driver , his family (inside the car) , and me . did the insurance company pay for repair service ?
did the insurance company pay for repair service ? i was walking so i did not require any car repair services .
i was walking so i did not require any car repair services . did you need a lawyer ?
did you need a lawyer ? i hurt my lower back just a little , so i did not call a lawyer .
i hurt my lower back just a little , so i did not call a lawyer . did you report the issue to the police ?
did you report the issue to the police ? no , we did not want to get the police involved .
no , we did not want to get the police involved . were you sent to the hospital after the accident ?
were you sent to the hospital after the accident ? no , the injury was not really serious .
no , the injury was not really serious . do you have a driving license ?
do you have a driving license ? yes , i do . i always keep it in my purse .
yes , i do . i always keep it in my purse . why should people obey traffic regulations ?
why should people obey traffic regulations ? to protect themselves and others . the best ways are to wear a helmet , wait for traffic lights and stay in the appropriate vehicle/pedestrian lanes .
to protect themselves and others . the best ways are to wear a helmet , wait for traffic lights and stay in the appropriate vehicle/pedestrian lanes . did you have a happy childhood ?
did you have a happy childhood ? yes , i did . i enjoyed playing hide and seek with my peers .
yes , i did . i enjoyed playing hide and seek with my peers . did you experience your childhood in a city or countryside ?
did you experience your childhood in a city or countryside ? i spent my childhood in a rural area where i could see vast rice fields .
i spent my childhood in a rural area where i could see vast rice fields . did you usually skip class when you were a child ?
did you usually skip class when you were a child ? yes , i did , and many of my friends did , too .
yes , i did , and many of my friends did , too . who were you with when you were a child ?
who were you with when you were a child ? i was with my beloved family .
i was with my beloved family . what did you want to be when you were a child ?
what did you want to be when you were a child ? i dreamed of being a fashion designer .
i dreamed of being a fashion designer . who did you love the most when you were a child ?
who did you love the most when you were a child ? i loved my mom the most since she was always there and took care of me .
i loved my mom the most since she was always there and took care of me . who was your childhood hero ?
who was your childhood hero ? robin hood , he took money from the rich and gave it to the poor .
robin hood , he took money from the rich and gave it to the poor . what reminds you of your childhood ?
what reminds you of your childhood ? green rice fields which i happen to see everywhere remind me of my beautiful childhood .
green rice fields which i happen to see everywhere remind me of my beautiful childhood . did you change a lot when you grew up ?
did you change a lot when you grew up ? yes , of course . i am more mature now both physically and mentally .
yes , of course . i am more mature now both physically and mentally . why is childhood important ?
why is childhood important ? because it shapes people into who they will become .
because it shapes people into who they will become . how many rooms are there in your house ?
how many rooms are there in your house ? there are 6 rooms : a living room , 2 bedrooms , a bathroom and a kitchen .
there are 6 rooms : a living room , 2 bedrooms , a bathroom and a kitchen . which floor is your bedroom on ?
which floor is your bedroom on ? my bedroom is on the first floor of a three storey house .
my bedroom is on the first floor of a three storey house . is it big or small ?
is it big or small ? it is not very spacious , just enough to put necessary furniture in .
it is not very spacious , just enough to put necessary furniture in . what color is your bedroom painted ?
what color is your bedroom painted ? it is painted pink , my favorite color .
it is painted pink , my favorite color . do you love your room ? why ?
do you love your room ? why ? i love it very much because it is my private space whenever i go home .
i love it very much because it is my private space whenever i go home . what furniture does your bedroom contain ?
what furniture does your bedroom contain ? it contains a bed , a desk , and a clothing closet .
it contains a bed , a desk , and a clothing closet . what do you do in it ?
what do you do in it ? well , i spend most of my free time there reading books and sleeping .
well , i spend most of my free time there reading books and sleeping . how much time do you spend in your room ?
how much time do you spend in your room ? about 10 hours a day , especially in the evening .
about 10 hours a day , especially in the evening . do you share your room with anyone else ?
do you share your room with anyone else ? no , everyone in my family has their own room , so i stay there alone .
no , everyone in my family has their own room , so i stay there alone . what kind of presents are popular in your country ?
what kind of presents are popular in your country ? it depends on the receivers . for children , toys are the best choice . for youth , souvenirs are recommended .
it depends on the receivers . for children , toys are the best choice . for youth , souvenirs are recommended . who gave presents to you ? on what occasions ?
who gave presents to you ? on what occasions ? i have received many presents , most of which were from my friends . they gave me gifts on my birthday .
i have received many presents , most of which were from my friends . they gave me gifts on my birthday . what was your last present ?
what was your last present ? it was a hand made doll , given by my best friend when i moved to another city .
it was a hand made doll , given by my best friend when i moved to another city . what was the one you like best ?
what was the one you like best ? i loved my book nepal a lot . it was given to me on my 23rd birthday by my brother .
i loved my book nepal a lot . it was given to me on my 23rd birthday by my brother . did you ever get a present you did not like ?
did you ever get a present you did not like ? yes , i have , but i still treasure and take care of them .
yes , i have , but i still treasure and take care of them . how do you thank people who give you presents ?
how do you thank people who give you presents ? i gave them presents that they would like .
i gave them presents that they would like . what are the times of the year that people give presents in your country ?
what are the times of the year that people give presents in your country ? some special occasions are birthdays , weddings , graduation , new year is day , valentine is day , housewarming ceremonies , etc .
some special occasions are birthdays , weddings , graduation , new year is day , valentine is day , housewarming ceremonies , etc . who was the last person you gave a present to ?
who was the last person you gave a present to ? my mom , i bought her a coat on a business trip to bangkok .
my mom , i bought her a coat on a business trip to bangkok . is giving presents important in daily life ?
is giving presents important in daily life ? yes , it is . it is one of the best ways to show your love and gratitude to someone .
yes , it is . it is one of the best ways to show your love and gratitude to someone . which tourist attractions do you prefer when traveling ? historical places or natural landmarks ?
which tourist attractions do you prefer when traveling ? historical places or natural landmarks ? well , historical places are always my first choice when traveling .
well , historical places are always my first choice when traveling . what do you usually do when visiting historical places ?
what do you usually do when visiting historical places ? i usually listen to the tour guide introducing the sights and take notes about important historical events .
i usually listen to the tour guide introducing the sights and take notes about important historical events . can you name some historical places you have visited ?
can you name some historical places you have visited ? whenever i travel to a foreign country , i always visit its famous historical places . some of them are the pyramids in egypt , angkor wat in cambodia , stonehenge in england and the taj mahal in india .
whenever i travel to a foreign country , i always visit its famous historical places . some of them are the pyramids in egypt , angkor wat in cambodia , stonehenge in england and the taj mahal in india . what is your most favorite historical place ? why ?
what is your most favorite historical place ? why ? i love the pyramids the most . taking a tour around the pyramids , i can not only enjoy the gorgeous architecture but also learn cultural and historical values of the ancient egyptian culture .
i love the pyramids the most . taking a tour around the pyramids , i can not only enjoy the gorgeous architecture but also learn cultural and historical values of the ancient egyptian culture . what is the most famous historical place in your country ?
what is the most famous historical place in your country ? it is definitely the statue of liberty in new york city .
it is definitely the statue of liberty in new york city . what is special about it ?
what is special about it ? the statue was gifted by the people of france . it is a symbol of freedom for the us as well as a welcoming sight to people coming to the us from another country .
the statue was gifted by the people of france . it is a symbol of freedom for the us as well as a welcoming sight to people coming to the us from another country . where is it located ?
where is it located ? it is located on liberty island in new york harbor , nyc .
it is located on liberty island in new york harbor , nyc . should the youth visit historical places instead of other places ?
should the youth visit historical places instead of other places ? sure . nowadays the youth should visit these kind of places more often in order to preserve historical and cultural values of their country .
sure . nowadays the youth should visit these kind of places more often in order to preserve historical and cultural values of their country . what are the benefits of reading a newspaper/magazine ?
what are the benefits of reading a newspaper/magazine ? newspapers/magazines can broaden your mind about thousands of things without the need to travel .
newspapers/magazines can broaden your mind about thousands of things without the need to travel . how often do you read it ?
how often do you read it ? i read it every day .
i read it every day . what is the best time to read the newspaper ?
what is the best time to read the newspaper ? i think the best time is in the morning when you start a new day .
i think the best time is in the morning when you start a new day . what types of magazines do you usually read ?
what types of magazines do you usually read ? i usually read politics and fashion magazines . i also enjoy reading about culture and tourism .
i usually read politics and fashion magazines . i also enjoy reading about culture and tourism . what is your favorite magazine ?
what is your favorite magazine ? my favorite is the new york times , which writes about all sorts of things : business , sports , movies , travel , books , jobs , education , and real estate .
my favorite is the new york times , which writes about all sorts of things : business , sports , movies , travel , books , jobs , education , and real estate . do you read the paper or online news ?
do you read the paper or online news ? i prefer online news to save money .
i prefer online news to save money . how much does it cost you to buy paper newspaper per month ?
how much does it cost you to buy paper newspaper per month ? i only buy a monthly newspaper , so it does not cost much money . around $5/month .
i only buy a monthly newspaper , so it does not cost much money . around $5/month . what is the most popular magazine in your country ?
what is the most popular magazine in your country ? i think it would be forbes magazine , a leading source for reliable business news and financial information .
i think it would be forbes magazine , a leading source for reliable business news and financial information . with the popularity of internet , do you think newspapers and magazines will disappear ?
with the popularity of internet , do you think newspapers and magazines will disappear ? yes , unfortunately it is just a matter of time .